README.md, before:

# Capacitive Auxetic Sensor

Overview
--------
A capacitive pressure/strain sensor leveraging a re-entrant auxetic lattice to achieve large, nearly linear capacitance changes under load.

Repository Layout
-----------------
```
.
├── README.md
├── cad/
│   ├── auxetic_cell_3d.py      # 3D CAD model generator (CadQuery)
│   └── test_3d_model.py        # Test 3D model generation
├── docs/
│   └── project_outline.md
├── simulations/
│   └── simulation.ipynb
├── src/
│   ├── design.py               # Auxetic cell design functions
│   ├── utils.py                # Mathematical utilities
│   └── test_setup.py           # Measurement system setup
├── tests/
│   ├── test_design.py          # Design function tests
│   ├── test_utils.py           # Utility function tests
│   └── test_test_setup.py      # Measurement system tests
├── requirements.txt            # Python dependencies
├── demo.py                     # Complete demonstration
└── .gitignore
```

Quickstart
----------
1. Create an isolated environment:
   ```bash
   python -m venv env
   source env/bin/activate
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```
2. Run the complete demo:
   ```bash
   python demo.py
   ```
3. Run the test suite:
   ```bash
   pytest
   ```
4. Generate 3D models for printing:
   ```bash
   pip install cadquery-ocp  # Install 3D CAD library
   python cad/auxetic_cell_3d.py  # Generate STL files
   ```
5. Open the simulation notebook:
   ```bash
   jupyter lab simulations/simulation.ipynb
   ```
6. Launch the interactive auxetic pattern simulator:
   Simply open [`docs/auxetic_simulator.html`](docs/auxetic_simulator.html) in your web browser.

   To access it from another device (e.g. your phone) on the same network, run:
   ```bash
   python scripts/serve_docs.py --host 0.0.0.0 --port 8000
   ```
   Then browse to `http://<your-ip>:8000/docs/auxetic_simulator.html` on your phone.

## 🖨️ 3D Printing

The project includes a complete **CadQuery-based 3D model generator** that creates STL files ready for 3D printing:

- **`cad/auxetic_cell_3d.py`**: Parametric 3D model generator
- **Output files**: `.stl` (3D printing), `.step` (CAD editing)
- **Three configurations**: Standard, High Sensitivity, Robust
- **Complete sensor**: Auxetic structure + capacitor plates + support posts + wire channels

**Key Features:**
- Parametric design (easily modify cell size, wall thickness, re-entrance angle)
- Multiple sensor configurations optimized for different applications
- Manufacturing instructions and 3D printing settings included
- Integration with existing design functions for mathematical accuracy

Commit message:

Add web frontend and GitHub Pages workflow

README.md, after:

# Capacitive Auxetic Sensor

Overview
--------
A capacitive pressure/strain sensor leveraging a re-entrant auxetic lattice to achieve large, nearly linear capacitance changes under load.

Repository Layout
-----------------
```
.
├── README.md
├── cad/
│   ├── auxetic_cell_3d.py      # 3D CAD model generator (CadQuery)
│   └── test_3d_model.py        # Test 3D model generation
├── docs/
│   └── project_outline.md
├── simulations/
│   └── simulation.ipynb
├── src/
│   ├── design.py               # Auxetic cell design functions
│   ├── utils.py                # Mathematical utilities
│   └── test_setup.py           # Measurement system setup
├── tests/
│   ├── test_design.py          # Design function tests
│   ├── test_utils.py           # Utility function tests
│   └── test_test_setup.py      # Measurement system tests
├── requirements.txt            # Python dependencies
├── demo.py                     # Complete demonstration
└── .gitignore
```

Quickstart
----------
1. Create an isolated environment:
   ```bash
   python -m venv env
   source env/bin/activate
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```
2. Run the complete demo:
   ```bash
   python demo.py
   ```
3. Run the test suite:
   ```bash
   pytest
   ```
4. Generate 3D models for printing:
   ```bash
   pip install cadquery-ocp  # Install 3D CAD library
   python cad/auxetic_cell_3d.py  # Generate STL files
   ```
5. Open the simulation notebook:
   ```bash
   jupyter lab simulations/simulation.ipynb
   ```
6. Launch the interactive auxetic pattern simulator:
   - Locally: open [`docs/auxetic_simulator.html`](docs/auxetic_simulator.html) in your web browser.
   - Online: the simulator is deployed to **GitHub Pages**. After pushing to this repository, visit the URL shown in the Pages deployment to run it directly from your browser.

   To access it from another device on the same network, run:
   ```bash
   python scripts/serve_docs.py --host 0.0.0.0 --port 8000
   ```
   Then browse to `http://<your-ip>:8000/docs/auxetic_simulator.html` on your phone.

## 🖨️ 3D Printing

The project includes a complete **CadQuery-based 3D model generator** that creates STL files ready for 3D printing:

- **`cad/auxetic_cell_3d.py`**: Parametric 3D model generator
- **Output files**: `.stl` (3D printing), `.step` (CAD editing)
- **Three configurations**: Standard, High Sensitivity, Robust
- **Complete sensor**: Auxetic structure + capacitor plates + support posts + wire channels

**Key Features:**
- Parametric design (easily modify cell size, wall thickness, re-entrance angle)
- Multiple sensor configurations optimized for different applications
- Manufacturing instructions and 3D printing settings included
- Integration with existing design functions for mathematical accuracy
